[2.0] FAQ: add minimum coinjoin amount (#1124)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

@[youtube](tLOMcU8MhWM,1305)
:::

:::details
### What is the minimum amount required to coinjoin?

> The minimum amount of bitcoin per coinjoin round is 0.00005000 BTC (5000 sat) + mining fee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum amount of bitcoin per coinjoin round is 0.00005000 BTC (5000 sats) + mining fees.
```
